Senior R&D Engineer, Data Scientist-AI/ML
Synopsys, Inc. • Mountain View, CA • via Karkidi
160K–240K a year
Full-time
Apply on Karkidi
Job highlights
Identified by Google from the original job post
Qualifications
Education and Experience: Requires Master’s/Ph.D. degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical/Electronic Engineering, or a related field and at least 2 years of experience performing Machine Learning or Deep Learning projects
Responsibilities
As a Senior R&D Engineer/Data Scientist-AI/ML, you will be part of a Machine Learning Center-of-Excellence group helping the rest of the teams in the division that build Electronic Design Automation (EDA) tools
EDA problems are np-hard and are solved using a combination of optimization techniques and heuristics
With the availability of the latest AI/ML techniques there is a unique opportunity to build EDA tools that will provide far greater optimality and orders of magnitude faster runtimes
As part of the team, you will work with different product/engine teams to infuse ML into their products
You will study the EDA product/engine for applicability of AI/ML techniques in collaboration with the product/engine owners
Subsequently you would provide consulting help to the product team or proceed to build and implement the best-in-class Machine Learning based solutions that demonstrate the promised accuracy and performance improvements
You will work closely with the product team to ensure its success with the customers
Overall, you will be involved in developing state of the art solutions that lead to significant product differentiation
You may author technical papers, sit on technical panels, and file patents on resulting innovations
Job description
As a Senior R&D Engineer/Data Scientist-AI/ML, you will be part of a Machine Learning Center-of-Excellence group helping the rest of the teams in the division that build Electronic Design Automation (EDA) tools. These EDA tools are highly sophisticated and enable design and implementation of multi-million transistor IC chips. EDA problems are np-hard and are solved using a combination of optimization techniques and heuristics. With the availability of the latest AI/ML techniques there is a unique opportunity to build EDA tools that will provide far greater optimality and orders of magnitude faster runtimes. As part of the team, you will work with different product/engine teams to infuse ML into their products.

You will study the EDA product/engine for applicability of AI/ML techniques in collaboration with the product/engine owners. Subsequently you would provide consulting help to the product team or proceed to build and implement the best-in-class Machine Learning based solutions that demonstrate the promised accuracy and performance improvements. You will work closely with the product team to ensure its success with the customers. Overall, you will be involved in developing state of the art solutions that lead to significant product differentiation. You may author technical papers, sit on technical panels, and file patents on resulting innovations.

Education and Experience: Requires Master’s/Ph.D. degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical/Electronic Engineering, or a related field and at least 2 years of experience performing Machine Learning or Deep Learning projects.

Desired background:
• Machine Learning/Deep learning: Solid foundation of ML/DL algorithms; Probability and Statistics; ML/DL frameworks (Scikit-learn, TensorFlow, PyTorch, Keras); Ability to curate data and extract relevant features
• Software proficiency: Data structures and algorithms, Solid programming skills in C/C++, Python, Linux based development
• EDA (Electronic Design Automation) (desirable but not necessary): EDA tool development, Electrical Circuit Design
• Optimization techniques, other (desirable): Linear programming, dynamic programming, and non-linear optimization; signal-processing algorithms; numerical analysis

Our Silicon Design & Verification business is all about building high-performance silicon chips—faster. We’re the world’s leading provider of solutions for designing and verifying advanced silicon chips. And we design the next-generation processes and models needed to manufacture those chips. We enable our customers to optimize chips for power, cost, and performance—eliminating months off their project schedules.

At Synopsys, we’re at the heart of the innovations that change the way we work and play. Self-driving cars. Artificial Intelligence. The cloud. 5G. The Internet of Things. These breakthroughs are ushering in the Era of Smart Everything. And we’re powering it all with the world’s most advanced technologies for chip design and software security. If you share our passion for innovation, we want to meet you.
