Job highlights
Identified by Google from the original job post
Qualifications
Solid understanding of software development and release process
Excellent communication skills in all forms, written and verbal, formal and informal, across all levels both internal and external to the company
Experience in EDA tool product and/or field engineering
Clear communication skills, verbal and written; ability to produce design documents detailing product requirements.BS/MS/Ph.D. in EE, CS, CE, or related discipline and 10+ years of experience
Benefits
The base salary range across the U.S. for this role is between $197,000-$295,000
In addition, this role may be eligible for an annual bonus, equity, and other discretionary bonuses
Synopsys offers comprehensive health, wellness, and financial benefits as part of a competitive total rewards package
The actual compensation will be based on several job-related factors, including location, skills, experience, and education
Responsibilities
In this role, you would be coordinating all aspects of our software release
This includes planning the release, coordinating development and testing activities, deploying software to production, and monitoring the performance of software in production
A successful candidate will work with stakeholders in R&D, PAE, FAE, and Tech Pubs to ensure all release goals are met
Additional responsibilities of this role would include managing the continuous integration process for software development – a crucial component to boost the product team’s efficiency
Key QualificationsAttention to detail and process is essential in ensuring releases ship on time with the defined functionality and fixes
Working at a very detailed and collaborative level with R&D engineers, product engineers, field engineers, customers, and executives
Detailed understanding of design flow and challenges, particularly the implementation phase
Job description
Job Description And RequirementsWe’re looking for a Machine Learning Principal Engineer to join the AI team.We are looking for an experienced release manager for Synopsys’ ML Center of Excellence to manage the release process for DSO.ai. In this role, you would be coordinating all aspects of our software release. This includes planning the release, coordinating development and testing activities, deploying software to production, and monitoring the performance of software in production. A successful candidate will work with stakeholders in R&D, PAE, FAE, and Tech Pubs to ensure all release goals are met.Additional responsibilities of this role would include managing the continuous integration process for software development – a crucial component to boost the product team’s efficiency.Key QualificationsAttention to detail and process is essential in ensuring releases ship on time with the defined functionality and fixes.Working at a very detailed and collaborative level with R&D engineers, product engineers, field engineers, customers, and executivesSolid understanding of software development and release processDetailed understanding of design flow and challenges, particularly the implementation phaseExcellent communication skills in all forms, written and verbal, formal and informal, across all levels both internal and external to the company.Preferred ExperienceDeep knowledge in developing and maintaining EDA design tool and chip design flows (logic and physical implementation, signoff and/or simulation tools)Experience with software development, release and support.Experience in EDA tool product and/or field engineering.Clear communication skills, verbal and written; ability to produce design documents detailing product requirements.BS/MS/Ph.D. in EE, CS, CE, or related discipline and 10+ years of experienceAt Synopsys, we’re at the heart of the innovations that change the way we work and play. Self-driving cars. Artificial Intelligence. The cloud. 5G. The Internet of Things. These breakthroughs are ushering in the Era of Smart Everything. And we’re powering it all with the world’s most advanced technologies for chip design and software security. If you share our passion for innovation, we want to meet you.Inclusion and Diversity are important to us. Synopsys considers all applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, military veteran status, or disability.The base salary range across the U.S. for this role is between $197,000-$295,000. In addition, this role may be eligible for an annual bonus, equity, and other discretionary bonuses. Synopsys offers comprehensive health, wellness, and financial benefits as part of a competitive total rewards package. The actual compensation will be based on several job-related factors, including location, skills, experience, and education. Your recruiter can share more specific details on the total rewards package upon request.Job CategoryEngineeringCountryUnited StatesJob SubcategoryMachine LearningHire TypeEmployeeBase Salary Range197000 - 295000#J-18808-Ljbffr
