Machine Learning Software Engineer
Home Office in Holland, MI
SpinDance, a leader in custom Internet of Things (IoT) software, is looking for a machine learning
developer to join our growing team of engineers. As a Machine Learning Software Engineer, you will build
machine learning models and deploy them across multiple domains (Cloud, Embedded, Mobile, and Web)
in the rapidly expanding world of IoT. If you love using multiple languages in a variety of technical domains,
you’ll love working at SpinDance.
At SpinDance, we focus on developing solutions for startups, Fortune 500s, and everyone in between. As
part of our engineering team, you’ll get to work on projects across a wide variety of industries. You’ll work
with an experienced, friendly team of software engineers, architects and program managers to build a
smarter connected world.
What You’ll Do
Use languages like Python, R, and C++ in combination with platforms like AWS, Azure, and GCP to
develop and train machine learning models for a variety of IoT products: consumer, transportation,
health care and industrial.
Apply your understanding of software development in other domains, including Embedded,
Mobile, and Cloud. Don’t worry if you don’t already have these skills, one of our core values is to
mentor and learn!
Learn to use IoT methodologies and protocols to build next-generation connected solutions.
Use TDD, CI/CD and DevOps/MLOps methodologies to develop high-quality software.
Use statistical processing techniques to create effective data sets for training models as well as
data augmentation approaches to improve generalization.
Use existing machine learning models and create new ones from scratch.
Use frameworks like OpenCV to perform image processing tasks.
Analyze training results and model performance to improve model accuracy.
Design data collection processes and techniques to improve the efficiency of data set creation.
Work on Agile software teams to collaborate with customers to build the right solution for their
unique requirements, timelines and budgets.
Support business development efforts by contributing to the preparation of quotes and proposals.
Help SpinDance grow by being a thought leader inside and outside the organization.
What We’re Looking For
Have a degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Machine Learning, or equivalent
professional industry experience. A strong sense of software craftsmanship is a plus. At this time
we are unable to sponsor visas.
E hello@spindance.com P 616.355.7000 x114
150 East 8th Street,, Holland, Michigan 49423
SpinDance.com
Have 5+ years of experience developing software professionally, especially in the machine learning
space. Don’t worry if you don’t know IoT, we’ll teach you that part, although some background in
IoT is helpful.
Proficiency with fundamental machine learning languages Python, R, and/or C++.
Proficiency with machine learning frameworks such as Tensorflow, Keras, PyTorch, MxNet, and
Caffe.
Familiarity with MLOps practices including cloud or edge model deployment, data versioning, and
model monitoring.
Familiarity with cloud-based machine learning tools such as AWS SageMaker, Microsoft Azure
Machine Learning, and Google AI Hub.
Familiarity with creating and using REST APIs.
Familiarity with scripting tools such as Jupyter Notebooks or Google Colaboratory.
Experience with relational and NoSQL database technologies, such as MySQL, Postgresql, Redis,
MongoDB, CosmoDB, etc is a plus.
Experience with OpenCV and image processing is a plus.
A desire to gain experience and mastery across multiple domains (Cloud, Embedded, Mobile, and
Web).
Someone who loves the culture of a small company and enjoys working on every part of the
software development life cycle: requirements gathering, architecture, development, testing,
deployment and support.
A background or desire to work in an Agile DevOps environment.
A desire to learn and share what you’ve learned through a variety of avenues.
Strong interpersonal skills: teamwork is very important to us.
A history of technical leadership is a plus. This could be project management, management, or
functioning as a technical lead.
Experience communicating to customer stakeholders and C-level executives is a plus.
Being able to write a killer blog post is a plus.
Why SpinDance?
SpinDance is a 20-year old, profitable software company focused on craftsmanship and pragmatic
solutions. Our team of around 50 includes people of all ages and walks of life, and who love waking up
every day to solve all sorts of interesting problems.
Here’s what we offer:
A competitive salary.
Work anywhere in the United States.
A fun, caring team who holds each other accountable for results, and values a healthy work/life
balance.
Flexible hours and locations. As knowledge workers, we understand the need for balancing
community and collaboration with deep focus. We use Jira, Pivotal Tracker, Google tools and Slack
to stay connected, and we trust our team to work where they want, when they want.
E hello@spindance.com P 616.355.7000 x114
150 East 8th Street,, Holland, Michigan 49423
SpinDance.com
Standard 40 hour work weeks. We understand the best work comes from reasonable schedules
sustained over months and years, not death marches. There are times where more work is
expected, but in general we aim for 40 hour weeks.
Great healthcare and dental insurance.
Paid vacation and time off.
401k with a matching contribution of 100% on the first 3% of your eligible earnings and an
additional 50% on the next 2% of your eligible earnings.
Ongoing professional development, including books, conferences and certifications.
Interested? Let’s Talk.
If you want to learn more, drop us an email at careers@spindance.com. Make sure to include the
following:
1. Your resume.
2. Contact info, including your name, email address, and a good phone number to reach you at.
3. Some sample code and/or a cover letter explaining why you’re interested in this position.
We’ll get back to you within a week to continue the process.
E hello@spindance.com P 616.355.7000 x114
150 East 8th Street,, Holland, Michigan 49423
SpinDance.com
